here we are back on the pc
we will do a data transfer from
the device evolves on the computer
so new we chose we saw it on
the ground just now a pass
parallel that is to say that we can
zigzag back or forth
parallels that much more accurate
with a number of passengers the impulse
of 10 we tell him ok and he will transfer
automatically through bluetooth through there
top whose usb key automatically this
that we have in the central unit of
knockaërt evolution on the pc so he
need some connection time
So here we are
log on
at the computer we will let him do it
so that's the system we see
there the screen these systems so of
visualization of oca an evolution on
can meanwhile there look
some examples we will take by
example
so that's an example on the ground
with here we can see it on the screen
with precisely down a cache so a
transversal box that gives it will have
of course we can move
the example in every way it's not
it's not a support
yeah that gives this is so there we have
two potentially interesting targets
so there it is for an object that has been
which is in the ground one can also
as it is a ground radar look through
example a gallery so there it is very
typical in a gallery
we can see it here a top so the
radar crossing
maybe that's a little bit more
speaking like this so here we can
determine which gallery is here
here we are going to let the transfer
connected to the computer